README.md, before:

#Getting Started with Create React App

#NetflixGPT
-Create React App 
-Configured Tailwind CSS
-Header
-Routing of App
-Login Form
-Sign Up Form
-Form Validation
-useRef Hook
-Firebase Setup for backend part
-Deploying our app to production
-Create SignUp User Account
-Implement Sign In user API
-created Redux Store using userSlice
-Implemented Sign Out in Browse Page
-Update Profile on Signing Up of user with his display name and dp
-Fix Bug while logged in disable moving of user to browse page and 
  while logged out disable moving to browse page(-onAuthChange will be used in header instead of body)
-Unsubscribe to onAuthChange (return on unmounting)
-Fetch nowPlayingMovies data from TMDB Website
-


#Browse Page
-Main Container
 -Video in Background
 -Video Title
-Secondary Container
 -Movie List*n
 -Cards*n

#Main Outline
-Login/Sign Up
    -Sign In/Sign Up Form
    -redirect to browse page
-Browse(after authentication)
    -Header
    -Main Movie
         -Trailer in Background
         -Title & Description
         -Movie Suggestions
            -MovieLists*N
-NetflixGPT
    -Search Bar
    -Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

Secondary Container & usePopularMoviesHook & useTopRatedMovies & useUpcomingMovies

README.md, after:

#Getting Started with Create React App

#NetflixGPT
-Create React App 
-Configured Tailwind CSS
-Header
-Routing of App
-Login Form
-Sign Up Form
-Form Validation
-useRef Hook
-Firebase Setup for backend part
-Deploying our app to production
-Create SignUp User Account
-Implement Sign In user API
-created Redux Store using userSlice
-Implemented Sign Out in Browse Page
-Update Profile on Signing Up of user with his display name and dp
-Fix Bug while logged in disable moving of user to browse page and 
  while logged out disable moving to browse page(-onAuthChange will be used in header instead of body)
-Unsubscribe to onAuthChange (return on unmounting)
-Fetch nowPlayingMovies data from TMDB Website
-Custom Hook for Playing Movies and also for Trailer Video
-Created movieSlice
-Updated Store with movies data
-Main and Secondary Container Outline
-Fetch data for both nowPlayingMovies and Trailer Videos
-Update Store with Trailer Video Data
-Embedded the Youtube Video and made it autoplay and mute
-Tailwind CSS to make mainContainer beautiful
-Build Secondary Container
-Build Movie List
-Build Movie Card
-TMDB Image CDN URL
-Made the Browser page look amazing using tailwind css
-Made Custom hooks like usePopularMovies,useTopRatedMovies,useUpcomingMovies


#Browse Page
-Main Container
 -Video in Background
 -Video Title
-Secondary Container
 -Movie List*n
 -Cards*n

#Main Outline
-Login/Sign Up
    -Sign In/Sign Up Form
    -redirect to browse page
-Browse(after authentication)
    -Header
    -Main Movie
         -Trailer in Background
         -Title & Description
         -Movie Suggestions
            -MovieLists*N
-NetflixGPT
    -Search Bar
    -Movie Suggestions
